[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
horror film ghosts of war
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
before we jump deep into today's episode
let me shoot a haunting question first
a lot of our fans keep asking how daniel
cc could find so many funny movies for
review
guys here is the simple answer i use
streaming platforms like netflix and
amazon prime to search
for favorite movies but here's a problem
after paying for a subscription to those
platforms
you may find some movies or tv series
that you are really interested in
but definitely not allowed to watch just
due to the country you live in
so bad to hear that that's not an
information free flow community we want
to live
in such a high-tech century but we have
to admit that there are thousands of
movies
that are blocked for the geographic
reason on netflix and other streaming
sites
and now the atlas vpn the lowest-priced
vpn can effectively work to circumvent
the geo restrictions
and you are allowed to surf all your
favorite contents freely on those
platforms
to make that happen you just need a
simple click to change your location to
another country
and then you'll find all your devices
are unlocked to those services in an
instant
that's how cool it works it works
perfectly for all mainstreaming
platforms
like amazon prime hulu disney plus hbo
and many more and what's more with the
atlas vpn
all of your internet traffic is
encrypted and routed to a server
somewhere else in the world that can
effectively prevent your personal data
from being manipulated by those giant
but sneaky companies
atlas vpn is now running a huge discount
for a three-year deal
with a 30-day money-back guarantee so
check it out by clicking the link in the
description below
during world war ii five american
soldiers are ordered to guard a french
mansion
that was used by the nazis but later
taken over by the allies
at midnight a soldier named chris wakes
up from his dream
seeing somebody smoking in the distance
he is so scared that he closes his eyes
however when he opens his eyes again the
mysterious figure is gone
along with chris the other four soldiers
are blonde boy
four-eyed guy half-beard and stinky feet
on their way to the mansion they spot a
nazi vehicle
they lay mines on the road causing the
vehicle to be destroyed later
they also encounter some refugees who
are all civilians devastated by war
half beard gives the gold teeth he took
from the enemy to a woman
he feels sorry for the woman and the kid
but that's all he can do
they still have a mission to complete so
they have to continue their journey
soon they arrive at the mansion
strangely one soldier of the previous
squad is napping outside
while the other three stay inside the
mansion the soldiers can't wait to leave
the mansion
as soon as they see chris and his team
coming for the shift
their hasty departure and that one
soldier is missing seems suspicious to
the arriving team
but chris doesn't ask much and lets them
go
soon they split out to check around the
mansion half beard goes to the basement
where he finds a big locked case and a
family photo of four
soon after strange things happen things
begin falling by themselves
chris spots a burn mark on the floor
blonde boy can't light up the match
no matter how hard he tries a strange
sound comes from a locked room
and the door opens itself when he leaves
at night while they are eating
they hear some strange noise coming from
upstairs they take the gun
and go check it immediately it is just
the curtain blown by the wind
nobody is there but there are some
scratch marks on the floor
all of these unexplained phenomena are
disturbing after all they are soldiers
and there are five of them
so there is nothing to be scared about
later they hear a few thumps
which sound like morse codes they write
the sounds down
and translate them is a message saying i
have no legs
just when they are wondering an animal
falls from the chimney
almost scaring the smelly out of
them when it's getting late
the five go rest in separate rooms
trying to cover his feeder stinky feet
chooses to stay in a girl hormone smelly
room
while four-eyed guy goes to the basement
there he finds a notebook
and reads something horrible on it
shortly after
something more bizarre happens the
people in the family photo are gone
half beard sees somebody walking in the
yard but when he goes out
he finds nobody there the next morning
everyone seems concerned
half beard tells them bad news he gets
from the radio that some vehicles show
up nearby
but it's not their ally it must be the
nazis
therefore they need to be well prepared
for the fight since there are only five
of them
while there are dozens of enemies out
there when they lift the carpet
they find a pattern that looks like some
rights foreign guy says that looks like
some dark magic
maybe it was the nazis that did it in
the beginning they don't take it
seriously
but when they are moving a cabinet for a
guy's hand is caught by the door
four-eyed guy screams in pain when
half-beard laughs at him
he sees a woman hanging from the mirror
later they pick up some strange voice
from the radio
for a guy is about to record it but his
hand starts to scribble without control
on the paper it writes down if you leave
you will die
they start to wonder if the mansion is
haunted by some evil spirits
later that night the nazis arrive at the
mansion
they plan to bewilder and keep away the
enemy by pretending that the mansion is
empty
just when the nazis are about to leave
some loud noise coming from upstairs
get the nazis attention so they return
and exchange fire with chris and his
team
during the fight the nazis throw a
grenade at them
in order to protect his mates blonde boy
covers the grenade with his body
the explosion takes his arms and legs
while others are slightly wounded
but continue their fight so as to resist
the fierce attack from the nazis
suddenly strange things happen again
somebody drowns himself in a bathtub
some are burned in the study room some
are hanged but none of these is done by
themselves
fortunately the enemies are all killed
but blonde boy is seriously wounded
they begin to doubt whether they could
continue to stay in this haunted mansion
they bury the bodies then gather to have
a meeting
for a guy tells them that he learns from
the notebook that the previous owner of
this mansion
is a member of the french royal family
or tortured by the nazis
for offering shelter for the jews the
father was burned alive
the daughter was hanged and the sun was
drowned
the mother didn't escape the death
either but unbelievably
their bodies are gone missing with time
passing by
they are getting more and more anxious
half beard says he killed a nazi's kid
before
which he can't forget till now and
nearly breaks him
chris wants to comfort the boy's soul so
he goes to the bathtub
suddenly he is dragged into the water
during the struggle
he feels like he's the one who is being
tortured by the nazis
when he wakes up he is in bed the next
day
blonde boy wakes up and keeps screaming
this isn't real
he grabs chris by the collar even though
he doesn't have hands
he screams out the word remember with
his last breath
the remaining soldiers decide to leave
there before it's too late
but on the way they soon find out they
end up walking the same roads and
meeting the same people
they can't remember how many times they
have walked past the ambulance
when they turn around they return to the
original place again
and again at night half beard is hanged
on a tree mysteriously
when the day breaks they walk into the
nazis they killed with mines earlier
in the end with no way out they decided
to go back to the mansion
hoping that they can free themselves
from the loop by confronting the ghosts
then they hear a strange word that truly
nobody knows how they
know this word and the exact meaning of
it at night chris is caught and dragged
away by some
unknown force they follow to a small
room
and find the family's bodies they think
if they bury the bodies and give them a
funeral
the souls will rest in peace however
things don't turn out that way as
expected
while they are burying the bodies half
beard sees a ghost in the mansion
they also find the last page of the
notebook on the father's body
to their surprise the family is not
french but afghans
they hid dozens of jews in the mansion
and helped them to go to america
before the mother died she performed the
rights of vetrelek
in the meantime four-eyed guy even
starts to speak arabic
everything just seems so weird after the
funeral they return to the mansion
and are delighted to find some cigars in
the locked case
but they don't notice that half beard is
missing who is possessed
and instructed to dig open the tomb when
they find him
he's performing some creepy ritual that
is used to bring the ghosts back to life
right then they get attacked by the
revived ghosts
the team fight back hard but can't
actually hurt the ghosts a lot
just when they are nearly killed the
ghosts begin to glitter
appearing to be interrupted by
electromagnetic waves
then blonde boy appears and repeatedly
screams that isn't real
suddenly chris wakes up in bed and sees
his teammates are all lying in the
hospital
chris's memory gradually come back it
turns out that the wounded team are put
under simulation treatment
and none of the things they experienced
in the mansion is real
actually they are not the soldiers in
war ward 2 but the anti-terrorist squad
sent to afghanistan to perform a mission
which is to escort a local doctor to a
safe place
half beard sees two kids are playing
outside of a house
just when they are about to leave the
terrorists rather than the nazis
approach near if the squad are seen
there they will all get killed
definitely
so the squad just hide inside of the
wall and watch them burn the doctor
alive in a chair
and the daughter and drown the sun
however
they don't kill the mother at first
chris wants to help
but then they see more terrorists
storming near
knowing that they can't stand a chance
the group stay hidden until the
terrorists leave
when they go out half beard finds that
one of the boys is killed
that is why he thinks he is the one who
killed a kid though he's not the
murderer he blames himself
for letting the kid die in despair they
don't expect that the mother would
detonate a bomb among the squad
because she blames them for her family's
deaths all the team members suffer
severe injuries due to the explosion
some lost arms some lost legs and some
lost the jaw
the mother curses them before she dies
which is what they hear vetrolek
which is said to be a muslim curse back
to the reality
the doctor explains that the team are
put under a new treatment
which simulates world war ii so as to
better hit their brain
however chris blames the doctor for
their sufferings from the horrible
haunting ghosts of the family in the
simulation
but the doctor can't understand why this
family would appear in the simulation
recalling the curse cast by the angry
mother chris believes that it is her
curse that brings the ghosts in
so if he doesn't go back to solve the
problem his teammates will be stuck in
the haunted world
and even die there so he asked the
doctor to rush him back to the
simulation
chris is soon sent back there but
unfortunately without any memories
due to the malfunction happening to the
simulation system right then
waking up in the same night chris sees
the same man smoking a cigar in the
woods
but he seems unable to remember it
anymore showing that he falls into the
start point of an endless loop
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out